 ## .osu files preparation
	 - files have different difficulties. So the size differs. But there is important to know, that length of the .mp3 file also matters. So to group the files we should make osuFileLenght/mp3FileLenght. Is not a good idea to check the mp3  file size because this size depends on the quality of the recording. But if we can use normalize (this will be checked during the method of preparation input data) this also can somehow be useful. 
	 - We should check the mp3 length and have this information when we group .osu files. Because is most rational is to take mp3.lenght/osu_file.size takes as a difficulty factor. Or maybe the difficulty written in the .osu file is also relevant. 
	 - Map should be divided into three categories easy, normal, and hard. Maybe also we can investigate if the difficulty description in the map file is accurate with our method of calculation difficulty. In our approach, the difficulty depends on the number of circles. But the screen size and positions they appear in also matter. 
	 - Maps probably contain information about the difficulty. Maybe AI is capable of discovering what difficulty is in its nature. This can be the next step - make difficult maps. An especially interesting topic is how to make a difficult map with not many circles in the map. But this still must be in the rhythm or music accurate. Is easy to imagine a hard map because the circles are out of tune. 
	 - Another problem is changing the map over time. Osu has already several years (since 2007) so maps are changed. Good thing is that we use ranking maps, so they are verified somehow. But game mechanics also evolved during this time. So it is important to have all ranking maps. Is also good to update them. But it can be a hard process because there is a lot of them. 
	 - 
	